Update README and Style Guide (#2715)
dfinity/portal: README.md

- How do developers benefit from using it? Why should they care about it?
- How can developers use it?
- What dependencies do they need to download or import into their project to use it?
- Are there any best practices they should follow?
- What are the limitations? Are there any nuances they should be aware of? 
- What resources or docs should they go to for more information?

### Duplication and redundancies 
Avoid duplication of content whenever possible. If content exists elsewhere on the Dev Docs that explains the concept or feature you’d like to include, link to that page rather than re-explaining things. 

Avoid using several sentences that say the same thing. Remove redundancies whenever possible. 

### Code snippets
When inserting code snippets into a document, you may use full, deploy-ready snippets, or you can use small pieces of code to demonstrate a specific feature or function. 

To determine which form suits the document best, answer the following:

- Does the document focus on a specific feature or functionality, or does it showcase an entire dapp/service? 
- If the development showcases a specific feature, a partial snippet may be appropriate. 

> - Is implementation of this feature/functionality very complex and requires prerequisite knowledge?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Is implementation of this feature/functionality very complex? Does it require prerequisite knowledge?
```

Keywords must include the words included as document tags (experience level, document type) at minimum. Additional SEO keywords can be added at the author's discretion. 

## Tabs

> To showcase code snippets in several different languages, the Tabs functionality can be used. The Dev Docs uses a custom tab component that defines a 'Beta' badge that is used to lable TypeScript and Python snippets as 'Beta'. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To showcase code snippets in several different languages, the Tabs functionality can be used. The Dev Docs uses a custom tab component that defines a 'Beta' badge that is used to label TypeScript and Python snippets as 'Beta'. 
```
